---
layout: titleless_page
permalink: /resources/
title: resources
#description: publications by categories in reversed chronological order. generated by jekyll-scholar.
nav: true
---

### Introduction
---

This page attempts to capture the technical knowledge I have gained as a research professional, written with myself as the primary audience.

Writing helps to clarify thought, by making aware the knowledge gaps or concepts I would have taken for granted. Although an arduous task at the outset, it is a worthy endeavor for it makes the learning concrete and I have at my disposal, an instant reference system.


#### Collection 1: Preliminary Mathematics
---

Many times I find myself scrambling for notes or do a quick google search to basic mathematical concepts which I would not have stored in my brain. It's inefficient. This collection documents mathematical concepts which are used in various contexts.
- [Law of total expectations]({% link _pages/notes/law-total-expectations.md %})


#### Collection 2: Bayesian Filtering
---
Coming soon!

[//]: - [Introduction to Bayesian Filtering]({% link _pages/notes/bayes/intro-bayesian-filtering.md %})


#### Collection 3: Recurrent Neural Networks
---

Coming soon!

[//]: Neural networks has been on the learning agenda since long. It's time to finally embark on the pursuit. What better than to document the journey towards mastering neural networks and deep learning?

[//]: - [Introduction to neural networks and deep learning]({% link _pages/notes/rnn/intro-nn.md %})

[//]: - [Introduction to recurrent neural networks]({% link _pages/notes/rnn/intro-rnn.md %})


[//]: #### Collection 3: Simultaneous Localization and Mapping
[//]: ---

[//]: Coming soon!

[//]: - [Introduction to Factor Graphs]({% link _pages/notes/slam/intro-factor-graphs.md %})
